readme.md, before:

# Data Science Portfolio
Repository containing portfolio of data science projects completed by me for academic, self learning, and hobby purposes. Presented in the form of iPython Notebooks.

_Note: Data used in the projects (accessed under data directory) is for demonstration purposes only._

## Contents
- __Data Analysis and Visualisation__
	- [Scalable Walkability Analysis of Melbourne](https://github.com/sajal2692/Scalable-Walkability-Analysis-of-Melbourne): Analysis of walkability of suburbs in Melbourne, Victoria and its implications.
	- [Titanic Dataset - Exploratory Analysis](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/Titanic%20Dataset%20-%20Exploratory%20Analysis.ipynb): Exploratory Analysis of the passengers onboard RMS Titanic using Pandas and Seaborn visualisations.
	- [Stock Market Analysis for Tech Stocks](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/Stock%20Market%20Analysis%20for%20Tech%20Stocks.ipynb): Analysis of technology stocks including change in price over time, daily returns, and stock behaviour prediction.
	- [2016 US General Election Poll Data Analysis](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/2016%20General%20Election%20Poll%20Analysis.ipynb): Very simple analysis of 2016 US General Election Poll data.


	_Tools: Pandas, Folium, Seaborn and Matplotlib_
- __Natural Language Processing__
	- [3-way Sentiment Analysis for Tweets](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/3-Way%20Sentiment%20Analysis%20for%20Tweets.ipynb): 3-way polarity (positive, negative, neutral) classification system for tweets, without using NLTK's sentiment analysis engine.

	- [Cross language Information Retrieval](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/Cross%20Language%20Information%20Retrieval.ipynb): Cross language information retrieval system (CLIR) which, given a query in German, searches text documents written in English.


	_Tools: NLTK, scikit_

Commit message:

Added Linear and Logistic Regression micro projects
Also added to readme list

readme.md, after:

# Data Science Portfolio
Repository containing portfolio of data science projects completed by me for academic, self learning, and hobby purposes. Presented in the form of iPython Notebooks.

_Note: Data used in the projects (accessed under data directory) is for demonstration purposes only._

## Contents
- __Data Analysis and Visualisation__
	- [Scalable Walkability Analysis of Melbourne](https://github.com/sajal2692/Scalable-Walkability-Analysis-of-Melbourne): Analysis of walkability of suburbs in Melbourne, Victoria and its implications.
	- [Titanic Dataset - Exploratory Analysis](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/Titanic%20Dataset%20-%20Exploratory%20Analysis.ipynb): Exploratory Analysis of the passengers onboard RMS Titanic using Pandas and Seaborn visualisations.
	- [Stock Market Analysis for Tech Stocks](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/Stock%20Market%20Analysis%20for%20Tech%20Stocks.ipynb): Analysis of technology stocks including change in price over time, daily returns, and stock behaviour prediction.
	- [2016 US General Election Poll Data Analysis](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/2016%20General%20Election%20Poll%20Analysis.ipynb): Very simple analysis of 2016 US General Election Poll data.
	- [911 Calls - Exploratory Analysis](): Exploratory Data Analysis of the 911 calls dataset hosted on Kaggle. Demonstrates extraction of useful features from different variables. 


	_Tools: Pandas, Folium, Seaborn and Matplotlib_
- __Natural Language Processing__
	- [3-way Sentiment Analysis for Tweets](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/3-Way%20Sentiment%20Analysis%20for%20Tweets.ipynb): 3-way polarity (positive, negative, neutral) classification system for tweets, without using NLTK's sentiment analysis engine.

	- [Cross language Information Retrieval](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/Cross%20Language%20Information%20Retrieval.ipynb): Cross language information retrieval system (CLIR) which, given a query in German, searches text documents written in English.

- __Machine Learning Micro Projects__

	Series of basic ML projects dealing with a variety of ML algorithms and datasets.
	- [ML with Linear Regression](): Using Linear Regression to predict yearly spend for E-commerce customers.
	- [ML with Logistic Regression](): Using Logistic Regression to predict whether an internet user clicked an ad or not.


	_Tools: NLTK, scikit_
